Custom mission (Describe a mission or goal of your choice here.)
Trojan horse (Goal: Create an idea that seemingly does one thing, but where the intention is to produce another, deeper eff ect. Example: A coffee cup that changes color when you have a scheduled appointment.)
Habit changing (Goal: Create an idea that helps a user to form or change a long-term habit. The usefulness decreases over time as the habit is established. Example: Shoelaces that glow brighter or darker according with the number of steps taken during the day.)
Social interaction (Goal: Create an idea that helps to facilitate some kind of interaction between people. Example: A pin for breaking the ice at a party that lights up when you are near your table companion.)
Enjoyable objects (Goal: Create an idea where the objects are so pleasant or playful to use that people will want to spend time with, regardless of what else it does.)
Time-saver (Goal: Create an idea that simplifi es or automates a task that people normally spend time doing against their wishes. Example: A washing machine that orders new detergent when it senses it is running low.)
Immortality (Goal: Create an idea that can help the user save something for posterity, or perhaps that is able to give health benefi ts to the user. Example: A mirror that takes a picture of you every day to keep a memory of that day in your life.)
Omniscience (Goal: Create an idea that provides the user with knowledge, or with access to information. Example: An earring that can translate foreign languages spoken around you to your native tongue.)
Obstacles (Goal: Create an idea where a task is intentionally made harder to discourage bad habits or create additional challenges. Example: An alarm clock that moves around the room forcing the users to chase it if they are oversleeping.)
Teleportation (Goal: Create and idea that makes you feel like being in multiple places at once, or that let you experience some aspects of a different place. Example: An alarm clock that every morning wakes you up with sounds and lights from diff erent places in the world.)
Tangibles (Goal: Create an idea where the object itself solves a task where you would normally have had to use a screen. Example: An umbrella that lights up when there is rain on the forecast for the day.)
Sixth sense (Goal: Create an idea that gives the user some kind of superpower, like new types of senses, perceiving new information, etc. Example: A necklace that changes color based on the air quality of your surroundings.)
Safekeeping (Goal: Create an idea that protects the user or something that is valuable to the user. Example: A bike that alerts you when it has moved while you are not around.)
Expression (Goal: Create an idea that allows new ways to express yourself creatively or emotionally. Example: Stairs that turn into piano keys when someone steps on them.)
