Custom scenario (Sketch or describe your new scenario here.)
SDG1 No powerty (Extreme poverty aff ects 11% of the world population. How can IoT technology help with promoting micro enterprises and social protection, in a sustainable way?)
SDG2 Zero hunger (Two billion people are expected to be undernourished by 2050. How IoT technological advancements in agriculture and livestock management can support an improved, yet ethical farming system?)
SDG3 Good health and well-being (Children born into poverty are twice as likely to die as those from wealthier families. How to improve sanitation and hygiene, reduce pollution and use more effi cient and clean technologies for cooking?)
SDG4 Quality education (More than 600 million youth worldwide lack basic mathematics and literacy skills. How school building designs, educational tools and methods can be improved through the use of IoT technology?)
SDG5 Gender equality (Women and girls still suff er from discrimination and violence in every part of the world. How IoT technology can help providing equal access to education, healthcare and careers via personal empowerment?)
SDG6 Clean water and sanitation (Water scarcity and lack of sanitation services aff ect more than 40% of the global population. How IoT technology can help developing countries in managing freshwater and sanitation facilities at a local level?)
SDG7 Affordable and clean energy (Access to clean and aff ordable electricity is essential for development and sustainability. How IoT technology can help achieving universal access to energy, increased energy efficiency and use of renewables?)
SDG8 Decent work and economic growth (Roughly half the world’s population still lives on the equivalent of about US$2 a day. How IoT technology can allow people to have quality jobs that stimulate the economy while not harming the environment?)
SDG9 Industry, innovation and infrastructure (Industrialization and growth requires modern infrastructures for transport, irrigation and energy. How IoT technology can foster the development of reliable, sustainable and resilient infrastructure to support growth?)
SDG10 Reduced inequalities (Economic growth is not sufficient to reduce poverty if it’s not available for all. How IoT technology can reduce disparities in access to health and education services and other assets on a global scale?)
SDG11 Sustainable cities and communities (Cities are hubs for ideas, culture and commerce; but also known for traffic, pollution and inequalities. How IoT technology can help dealing with the challenges of urbanization, foster growth and provide safe affordable housing?
SDG12 Responsible consumption and production (Material consumption of natural resources is increasing globally. How IoT technology can help educating consumers on sustainable consumption, production and effi cient use of natural resources?)
SDG13 Climate action (Climate change is costing lives due to extreme weather, rising sea levels and droughts. How IoT technology can help improving awareness, mitigation and transition to a low-carbon economy?)
SDG14 Life below water (Oceans and seas are vital sources of drinking water and they absorb 30% of CO2 produced by humans. How IoT technology can help preventing and reducing pollution, protect coastal ecosystem for healthy and productive oceans?)
SDG15 Life on land (Forests cover 33% of the Earth’s surface, protect biodiversity and are key to fi ght climate change. How IoT technology can halt desertification, help protecting flora and fauna biodiversity and foster ethical use of land-sources?)
SDG16 Peace, justice and strong institutions (Violence against children, human trafficking and sexual violence are important to address for sustainable development. How IoT technology can aid peaceful societies, respect human rights and tackle corruption?)
SDG17 Partnerships for the goals (A successful agenda requires partnerships among governments, the private sector and civil society. How IoT technology can help building partnership, attract investment and develop regulations sustaining growth?)
