Custom criteria (Describe a criteria of your choice here.)
Innovation (What: Ideas that solve new problems through skillful use of technology. How to judge: Would technology pioneers be interested in your idea? How would the news headlines about the idea read like?)
Enjoyment (What: How fun or enjoyable are the ideas for their users. How to judge: Would you like to spend time with the product, even if you don’t really need it? Is it something you would tell your friends about?)
Utility (What: How useful and practical are the ideas. How to judge: Does the idea solve a real problem for its users? Can you imagine it being used every day?)
Attraction (What: The attractiveness of the idea, as in products that the user is proud to own. How to judge: Would you like to have the product for yourself? Do you think the target audience would like it as well?)
Creativity (What: Ideas that solve the problem in a clever and unusual way. How to judge: Does the product idea surprise you or make you think twice about the problem? Would you turn your head if you saw someone else using it?)
Feasibility (What: Ideas that solve the problem in a plausible manner and seem realistic to develop. How to judge: Would you invest your savings in the development of the product idea? Do you know about similar products being successful?)
User friendly (What: Ideas that solve a real need for the users and that are easy to use for a large number of people. ow to judge: Would users’ life be easier with the product than without it? Could both children and elderlies use it?)
Market potential (What: Product ideas that attract a large audience which is willing to pay to use them. How to judge: How would investors respond to the product idea? Can you see a big company formed around the product?)
Sustainability (What: An idea that is environmentally friendly or that can encourage sustainable behaviors. How to judge: Would the product idea be a net positive for the environment? How does its lifecycle look like?)
